The Travel Counsellor System is a web application consists of a database with travel preferences of registered customers, information on travel destinations and tourist attractions. The inspiration of the project is to combine the travelling recommendation function and navigation function into one system to provide an optimal solutions for short period travelling. The preference feature supported by a questionnaire to the registered users, which may involve questions of preferred weather, means of travel, preference of cultural landscapes or natural landscapes and lifestyles during the trip. There are multiple means for the users to acquire their personalized travelling route. The standard recommendation is solely based on the destination and starting point via user input, providing the shortest path available to visit as many tourist attractions as possible. The preference recommendation is based on the preferences of the users. The system will recommend several candidate travel destinations all around the world, and provides a suggestion route and days of travel. The advanced recommendation will take both the preference and actual travelling destination into account, potentially includes real-life situation like transportation fares and opening hours of tourist attractions. The final result of the project will be displayed on a user-friendly website and the travel route might be displayed by animation with recommendations of accommodations, restaurants and plane or train ticket booking by links to external website to provide convenience for the users. The ultimate goal of this project is to assist inexperienced travellers in handling every decision of planning a complete tour to ensure a pleasant and hassle-free trip experience.
